---
layout: deck
author: ! Jeremy "pakkratt" Sumrall
title: ! "Make 7  UP YOURS"
side: Light
date: 2000-08-22
description: ! "Profit that uses Savirip to it's fullest potential along with some minor tech."
rating: 3.0
id: 9758
permalink: "/starwarsccg/deck/9758/"
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Profit
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
General Solo
Heading for the Frigate
Wise Advice
Insurrection
Your Insight serves you well
Chracters (19)
Ben Kenobi x3
Master Luke x3
Han w/blaster x2
Talz x2
Boushh
Leia w/blaster
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Lando w/blaster
Lieutenant Blount
Corporal Beezer
Colonel Cracken
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Weapons (2)
Anakin's lightsaber
Obi's lightsaber
Ships (4)
Home one
Liberty
Tantive IV
Spiral
Locations (4)
Home One Docking Bay
Home One War Room
Tatooine Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Interrupts (17)
Sense x6
Alter x2
Gift of the Mentor x3
The Signal x3
Smoke Screen x2
Nabrun Leids
Effects (5)
Traffic Control x2
Honor of the Jedi
Mantellian Savrip
Order to Engage
Push'

Strategy: '

This is a Profit that intends to get the quick flip.	I start with General Solo so secret plans does not hurt so much and if I team him up with chewie, beezer, or blount I can cancel destinies.  Talz is tech.  If a character is hit by a weapon, Talz restores the character to normal.  This helps protect Han.

Against

RalOps
Flip quick and do the damage.  Spaceport docking bay is used for getting on their planet.  Savrip will keep your characters alive and sense will kill their reacts.

Ties
Do major damage on the ground while deploying your small fleet to fight them.  Alter Lateral Damage and savirip the damage.  Your drains and Profit damage should give you the win.

BHBM
Flip with Ben controlling the chamber and get Honor out to lessen Your Destiny.  When vader is deployed, put luke away from him.  Your drains and damage should hurt them quite a bit.

Big Blue
Again, use your drains and profit damage to hurt them a lot.  Always keep han inside so he can't be trampled.	Savrip will help immensely.

Over all this is a very solid deck.  The SAC is great and will keep Savrip up and running.  Order to Engage and Savrip will win games for you.'
