---
layout: deck
author: ! Jeremy "pakkratt" Sumrall
title: ! "New age EBO"
side: Light
date: 2000-11-06
description: ! "Since everybody is using new age throne room for LS, I chose for a new age ebo."
rating: 3.5
id: 11578
permalink: "/starwarsccg/deck/11578/"
---
Cards: 

'Starting
1st marker
4th marker
Heading for the medical frigate
Insurrection
Strike Planning
Squadron assaignments
LOCATIONS
EchoDB
EchoWR
EchoCorridor
Echomed lab
Hoth
Endor
Tatooine
CHARACTERS
EPP Obi x2
Obi Wan
Luke, Jedi Knight x2
Commander Luke
Captain Han x2
EPP Leia x2
General Crix Madine
Chewie of Kashyyyk
Orrimaarko
Melas
Geezum
Colonol Cracken
Lieutenant Blount
Corporal Beezer
Bantha Droid
STARSHIPS
Millenium Falcon x2
Home One
Liberty
Tantive IV
Spiral
R2 in Red 5
INTERRUPTS
The Signal x5
Rebel Barrier x2
Insertion Planning
Weapon Levitation
Transmission Terminated x2
Glancing Blow
Courage of a Skywalker
EFFECTS
A new secret base
EBO
EBG
Wise Advice
Do or do not
Uncontrollabe Fury
The Planet that its farthest from
Legendary Starfighter '

Strategy: '

1st turn before I activate I take General Crix Madine into hand with Strike Planning. After activating, if I have a signal I use it for ANSB, if not then deploy Crix madine to echo docking bay and pull Geezum.  Using geezums text gets me echo sites and EBO will be set up just as fast as starting with ANSB.

Against Hunt Down.
Use Crix to pull your SPY SCOUTS(Cracken and Blount) to cancel visage. Or use Transmission terminated.	Just set up EBO and drain, fury vader, and legendary starfighter the falcon.

Against BHBM.
Same as above.	Deploy spys to the throne room and beat up on the emperor.  Set up EBO and drain.

ISB.
Control Curuscant and use the planet that its farthest from to cancel their bonuses.  Drain and beat up their agents.  Insertion Planning can be used with your scouts.

TIES.
Drain and drop legendary starfighter.  Use the bantha droid to cancel lateral damage.

Anything else.
Just do what you need to do.  Set up EBO and use Luke and Obi to battle.  Commander Luke can be brought to hand with EBG.  When he is in your hand, you can use squadron assaignments to grab R2 in R5.

Thanks for reviewing.

Jeremy "Pakkratt" Sumrall '
