---
layout: deck
author: ! Fabien "Red 71" Jacques
title: ! "Come fight Ben in his house"
side: Light
date: 2000-06-12
description: ! "Typical Tosche-deck but more mindedyou can imagine."
rating: 4.5
id: 7480
permalink: "/starwarsccg/deck/7480/"
---
Cards: 

'Locations (6)
Dagobah Yodas Hut 1x
Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber 1x
Rendezvous Point 1x
Tatooine Jabbas Palace 1x
Tatooine Obi-Wans Hut 1x
Tatooine Tosche Station 1x

Mens (15)
Artoo 1x
Ben Kenobi 3x
Captain Han Solo 1x
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 1x
Harc Seff 1x
KalFalnl Cndros 1x
Leia With Blaster Rifle 2x
Luke With Lightsaber 2x
Melas 1x
R-3PO (Ar-Threepio) 1x
Tawss Khaa 1x

Blue (3)
Millennium Falcon 2x
Tantive IV 1x

Interrupts (28)
Alter 2x
Blaster Deflection 1x
Careful Planning 1x
Clash Of Sabers 1x
Control 1x
Courage Of A Skywalker 1x
Gift Of The Mentor 1x
Glancing Blow 1x
Grimtaash 1x
I Know 1x
Nabrun Leids 3x
Punch It 1x
Sense 6x
Skywalkers 1x
Sorry About The Mess 1x
Swing-And-A-Miss 1x
The Signal 1x
Tunnel Vision 2x
Weapon Levitation 1x

Effects (6)
A Gift 1x
Bacta Tank 1x
Beggar 1x
Draw Their Fire 1x
Order To Engage 1x
Whatre You Tryin To Push On Us? 1x

Green (2)
Obi-Wans Lightsaber 1x
Landing Claw 1x
'

Strategy: '

OK, this is a classical tatooine tosche deck, it seems not original, but more minded you can imagine.

SO, PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE RATING ME.

This deck is constructed from a lot of testing.
Let*s describe the most seen dark decks played in my area (Belgium-Europe).

1) No inserts (from many month ago ) so i never waste slots for Don*t forget the droids.
2) A lot of Tatooine-alien decks with some variations, scum, musician, bounty hunting.
3) Raltiir operations walker. What a deck  So strong with jungle-desert-swamp, and sandwhirl and POTF on desert.
Drain of 2, you can*t react, you can*t move away from other sites. Very strong.
4) No TIE decks.
5) No manipulators decks.

Then, I builded

1) A fast deck based on tosche station with Nabrun Leids.
2) A deck with Doctor Ben and it*s wonderful ability fighting with EPP squad.
3) Sense / Alter, control the game.
4) Mega Falcon in space.
5) Destiny adders.
6) A gift  Don*t underestimate this card, save me a lt of time.

Special cards by type

1) Locations  nothing special. Fast activation with Station (and other 2/0 sites + palace).
Start Obi*s hut and tosche station, but if he start JPalace, you can replace him 

2) Characters
R3-PO Get rid of this pesky droid U3PO (very popular here), and it*s also good against ISB agents.
Taws Khaa, Melas, Kal are powerful and aliens, so they come chepa on raltiir. That*s why i didn*t choose Oorimaarko.
Use Solo wisely regarding you need it on the ground or in space.
Harc Seff a key card. Pilot, cancel drains on raltiir without facing him, cancel drain on obi*s hut, staying on tosche station.

3) Ships
Mega falcon and just Tantive IV to deploy directly on Raltiir or Death Star.

4) Interrupts
Nothing original. Protect your characters form hitting. Use Control to cancel a big drain, in the S/A war or cancel Sanwdhirl...
Try to be faster than him with Tosche + Nabrun against Raltiir.

5) Effects
Order to Engage and Draw their Fire for Beatdown.
Beggar is great  Using the force he keep for reacting...'
