---
layout: deck
author: ! Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: ! "Revised-Hidden Away in the Clouds v  1 5"
side: Light
date: 1999-09-29
description: ! "Uses HB/Dag+Hut for early activation and to also get the Bespin system out for CCCelebration."
rating: 4.0
id: 674
permalink: "/starwarsccg/deck/674/"
---
Cards: 

'Locations(12)
 Bespin  x2
 Cloud City Carbonite Chamber  x2
 Cloud City Downtown Plaza
 Cloud City Guest Quarters
 Cloud City Lower Corridor  x2
 Cloud City North Corridor
 Dagobah
 Dagobah Yoda's Hut
 Rendezvous Point

Characters(14)
 Bothan Spy  x2
 Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
 Harc Seff
 Leia With Blaster Rifle
 Luke With Lightsaber	x2
 Obi-Wan Kenobi  x2
 Orrimaarko
 Pucumir Thryss  x2
 Wedge Antilles

Starships(9)
 Gold Leader In Gold 1
 Millennium Falcon
 Red Leader In Red 1
 Red Squadron X-wing  x2
 Tantive IV
 X-wing  x3

Interrupts(14)
 Alter
 Clash Of Sabers  x2
 Gift Of The Mentor
 Glancing Blow  x2
 Nabrun Leids	x2
 Shocking Information	x2
 The Signal  x3
 Tunnel Vision

Effects(8)
 Cloud City Celebration  x2
 Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
 The Planet That It's Farthest From
 Traffic Control
 What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
 Wise Advice

Weapons(2)
 Anakin's Lightsaber
 Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Objective(1)
 Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers '

Strategy: '

based on a solid review I changed the following things I removed 2 X-wings and 3 Organized Attacks and an It Could be Worse...as advised I threw in some more red cards. I added some more HDADTJ protection in Glancing Blow x2 and Anakins Saber. I also added a pair of Clashes to aid in the beatdown with what seems to be a paltry batch of characters. The mains coupled witht he retrieval are indeed devastating. I also didnt get to finish my Meta report on how to play the deck in my last review...This deck is incredibly good against the Big Blue decks running rampant right now. The sites are interior...which means NO walkers. EPP's hack the Imps forfeits to shreds without their walkers. SHould they bring walkers down to the Plaza cancel the drain withNorth Corridor or Harc Seff. It was adives that I put Yoda in and less ships..but I want to be able to defend againt the heavy hitting space decks and Yoda would just add another one even more useless than the next card(Hes only good for ther attrition WHEN you get him out. Its not a MWYHL folks.) Revise with caution..this deck deserves a *4* at least. Ive been known to kill people for low reviews. If your wondering how to play the deck a little more check out the last version.'
